Added docs related to Redis version 5.2.0 (#894)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: redis/5.2/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

= Redis Connector 5.2 - Mule 4
:page-aliases: connectors::redis/redis-connector.adoc

Support Category: https://www.mulesoft.com/legal/versioning-back-support-policy#anypoint-connectors[Select]

> Anypoint Connector for Remote Dictionary Server (Redis Connector) is an open source, in-memory data structure store used for use cases such as caching a user profile, creating a leader board, tracking real time activities on a website, and implementing a spam filtering system. You can use Redis Connector as a message queue, custom object store, and more.

Reviewer: Is it okay to say "data structure store"? "data structure" is a type of store?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Connector for Remote Dictionary Server (Redis Connector) is an open source, in-memory data structure store used to cache user profiles, create leader boards, track real-time activities on a website, and filter spam. You can use Redis Connector as a message queue, custom object store, and more.
```

> For compatibility information and fixed issues, see the xref:release-notes::connector/redis-connector-release-notes-mule-4.adoc[Redis Connector Release Notes].

Reviewer: Valkyrie and I just talked about this xref and decided that a better approach is to simply name the RNs and put the link in See Also:
```suggestion
For compatibility information and fixed issues, see Redis Connector Release Notes.
```

== Prerequisites

To use this connector, you must be familiar with:

* The Redis API

> * Anypoint connectors

Reviewer: This should be fixed in the template:
```suggestion
* Anypoint Connectors
```

* Mule runtime engine (Mule)
* Elements in a Mule flow
* Global elements
* How to create a Mule app using Anypoint Studio

Before creating an app, you must have access to the Redis target resource.

== Audience

* New user
+
To create your Mule app, see:

** xref:redis-connector-studio.adoc[Use Studio to Configure Redis Connector]
** xref:redis-connector-examples.adoc[Examples], which provides use cases for the connector
+

> * Advanced user:

Reviewer: If this colon is in the template, remove it:
```suggestion
* Advanced user
```

+
Read the following:

** xref:redis-connector-xml-maven.adoc[XML and Maven Support]
** xref:redis-connector-examples.adoc[Examples] topics

== Next Step

After you complete the prerequisites and experiment with examples, you are ready to create an app and configure the connector using xref:redis-connector-studio.adoc[Anypoint Studio].

== See Also

* xref:connectors::introduction/introduction-to-anypoint-connectors.adoc[Introduction to Anypoint Connectors]
* xref:connectors::introduction/intro-use-exchange.adoc[Use Exchange to Discover Connectors, Templates, and Examples]
* https://www.mulesoft.com/exchange/com.mulesoft.connectors/mule-redis-connector/[Redis in Anypoint Exchange]

> * https://eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/com.mulesoft.connectors/mule-redis-connector/[Redis in the EU Anypoint Exchange]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/com.mulesoft.connectors/mule-redis-connector/[Redis in EU Anypoint Exchange]
```
